Welcome to Mastermind!

Mastermind is a code-breaking game, in which your objective is to guess the correct combination chosen by other player or computer.

Combination is a 4-elements long sequence of colours.
There are 6 colours (with possible seventh being the empty space) and duplicates can be enabled or disabled.

You can choose from the following game modes:
-2 Players - one player picks the combination, the other one tries to guess it. Then they switch
-Player vs Easy AI - first AI chooses combination for player to guess, then player chooses combination for the AI
-Player vs Hard AI - similar to Player vs Easy AI, except this time the AI is way smarter ;)

After choosing game mode, you will be able to choose whether you want to play with duplicates and / or empty spaces.

To navigate selections, use up and down arrows. To confirm choice press Enter.

Depending on the starting options, player will need to choose combination for the other player or AI will choose combination automatically.
If you need to choose combination, make sure the other player isn't looking. Then, navigate through the possible options.
Press Space to add (or remove) selection, press Enter to confirm the choice. Remember, the order of selections is saved!
If you choose the combination, which doesn't have exactly 4 elements, you will be asked to choose again.

Guessing phase looks similar. If AI is guessing the combination (happens in Player vs AI modes), you will be asked to press Enter for every guess AI makes.
If you are trying to guess the combination, use similar process to one described above.

After submitting your first guess, you will receive automatic feedback from the computer.
Each "Red" in results means that one element of your guess is in a right colour and right position in your combination (but you don't know which one).
Each "White" in results means that one element of your guess is in a right colour, but wrong position in your combination.
For example, if results for your guess are "Red, White, White", it means that one element of your combination is in a right colour and correct position
and two other elements are in right colours.
Use this feedback to guess the correct combination!

If you correctly identify all elements of the combination and put them in correct order, you win!
If you don't manage to guess the combination in 25 attempts, you will lose the game.

The onscreen instructions during the game will safely run you through it.

Good luck!